Migrate pages to new left sidebar organization (#2121)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/snapshots.md

* [Snapshot properties](snapshot-properties)
* [`snapshot` command](snapshot)

## Overview

### What are snapshots?

> Commonly, analysts need to "look back in time" at some previous state of data in their mutable tables. While some source data systems are built in a way that makes accessing historical data possible, this is often not the case. dbt provides a mechanism, **snapshots**, which records changes to a mutable <Term id="table" /> over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Analysts often need to "look back in time" at previous data states in their mutable tables. While some source data systems are built in a way that makes accessing historical data possible, this is not always the case. dbt provides a mechanism, **snapshots**, which records changes to a mutable <Term id="table" /> over time.
```
